docs: include call contract improvements in the existing docs (#11)
r0gue-io/pop-docs: pop-cli-for-smart-contracts/guides/calling-your-contract.md

> 

Author: Renamed to Call a contract because is related to this, and you are right makes more sense. 
Move `Get Tokens on Pop` should be done in a separate.

Now that your contract is deployed locally, we can start interacting with it.

### Interactive Guidance (Recommended)

> Interact with your deployed contract **with** Pop CLI's interactive guidance by simply entering:

Author: We need to keep consistency throughout the docs; otherwise, it’ll turn into a mess. 
I followed the same style as before: https://learn.onpop.io/appchains/guides/create-a-new-parachain

```shell
pop call contract
```

> Grab the contract address that was outputted from the [previous step](deploy-your-contract-locally/deploy-locally-on-a-solochain.md).

Reviewer: https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-docs/issues/13

Author: I think we should stick with the existing style for consistency, at least until the refactor is done.

> If you lost the address, you can always pull up [PolkadotJs Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/) and check the chain state for the contract address.

> You will be prompted to select a contract, choose messages, and configure additional options interactively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be prompted to select the path to your contract, choose which contract message to call, and provide the arguments for the message.
```

> <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/callcontract.gif" alt="pop call contract"><figcaption><p>pop call contract</p></figcaption></figure>

Author: https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-docs/pull/11/commits/1f39b7d0c234fe8b5ef479e992f8df4d557fb560

> ### Manual (non-interactive)

Reviewer: We can remove the `### Interactive Guidance (Recommended)` header and make this a subheader `Non-interactive Call`

I'm also fine with creating an issue for this as this is probably the case in other cases as well.

Author: Same as the message above. If we refactor should be around all the docs
